# Property-manager
What I want to do is come up with this application that I would use to assist my parents to run their real-estate company in a more efficient manner by simplifying some key business aspects to take care of. The system is a place for the collection and processing of in-depth information on properties, inhabitants, monthly transactions, levies, taxes and cumulative profit service capability. With a proper structure for their entry, amendment, and deletion from structured tables, the application helps to facilitate transparent management of data and flow of monitoring of the company finances. In-built automated calculation capabilities in totals and net gain smooth out the procedure, reduce manualload, and minimize the probability of errors to help my parents to better control the flow of money, expenses, and profitability on a variety of properties.
I started the development process by setting up a set of precisely described database tables to model properties, tenants, monthly expenses to be paid, rates and taxes to be paid, profits, and totals. I made sure that every table contained fields purposely created to accumulate valuable details like rent, levies, bond-interest, and dates of ownership. After the development of the tables, I came up with stored procedures to handle important operations like record insertion, alteration, and deletion. With these procedures there is Data consistency and my parents can run the System smooth and they do not have to manually come up with SQL queries. Through this system, I created a strong and properly organized framework for controlling property assets.
